Implement `picks` argument to `Raw.plot()` (#12467)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/devel/12467.newfeature.rst

> Add ``picks=`` to :meth:`mne.io.Raw.plot` to improve uniformity with :meth:`mne.Epochs.plot` and :meth:`mne.Evoked.plot`, by `Ivo de Jong`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ``picks`` parameter to :meth:`mne.io.Raw.plot`, allowing users to select which channels to plot. This makes makes the raw data plotting API consistent with :meth:`mne.Epochs.plot` and :meth:`mne.Evoked.plot`, by `Ivo de Jong`_.
```

> Add ``picks`` parameter to :meth:`mne.io.Raw.plot`, allowing users to select which channels to plot. This makes makes the raw data plotting API consistent with :meth:`mne.Epochs.plot` and :meth:`mne.Evoked.plot`, by `Ivo de Jong`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add ``picks`` parameter to :meth:`mne.io.Raw.plot`, allowing users to select which channels to plot. This makes makes the raw data plotting API consistent with :meth:`mne.Epochs.plot` and :meth:`mne.Evoked.plot`, by :newcontrib:`Ivo de Jong`.
```
